So this project was a little funny for me.  In the class that I took when I was learning coding we had to do a password generator project.  Unfortunately I wasn't able to bring any projects home with me when I was released, so I had nothing on tap to really present.  When I began trying to recreate a project I started thinking about this one because I remember it being tricky and using lots of code.  I had probably 4 or 5 functions that were doing all sorts of crazy things.  For example, a couple of functions used the output of other functions for their input.  And I was really proud of that.  But when I did this one, I was done in no time at all with much less code.  And it does the exact same thing as the first try.  So this was gratifying to sit down and realize I've become much better in my skills and understanding of how to code.  I realize I've got a long way to go but it felt so good to do something that had been so difficult not long ago and knock it out relatively quickly.  I grant myself a slow clap.
The scripts for this are pretty straight forward.  I used if statements to determine what goes into the password, and set up a couple of stops in the event that no characters were chosen or the criteria for length was not met.  I try to keep things as simple as I can, mostly for my own benefit.  I also try to pseudocode as much as possible.  
The styling is pretty basic.  Again, I like to keep things simple.  I try to think sometimes about what the page would look like with 27 different ads flashing across the screen because the reality is that most commercial sites will have that.  With that in mind, I tend to keep my portion of the page simple and direct without a lot of flash.  This probably goes back to my days as a teacher.  I never had a ton of decorations in the classroom because most of the students were easily distracted and I needed their focus to be on what we were learning.  
Thanks for taking a look at this.  All the work is mine, and the only image was from an open source site.  b